what gaming PC can you get for about
$1,000 to start we're going to use the
gigabyte b550m motherboard it includes 1
GB ethernet Wi-Fi and Bluetooth and two
m.2 slots for your ssds the brins of our
computer is a ryzen 7 5700 x3d it's
brand new from AMD it's so cool they're
still supporting old platforms our CPU
Cooler is a little bit on the cheaper
side but that's not a bad thing the
Peerless assassin 120 is one of the best
CPU coolers on the market for this price
for our Ram we went with the T Force
Vulcan Zed we got two 8 GB sticks at
3200 megat transfers a second for our
storage we went with the Kingston nv2 1
terb you want to make sure you install
it in the top slot cuz that gives you
the pcie Gen 4 for the case we went with
the Cooler Master q300l it's a little
bit simpler has everything we need and
left us budget for the other more
important parts to provide the juice we
got the Corsair RM 750e fully modular
power supply RX 7700 XT it's got 12 GB
of vram cuz eight just isn't enough
nowadays oh it's a tight fit this PC is
perfect for anybody who wants to play on
1080p high or 1440p medium to high
settings